hi-yah today we have a special lesson
with friends featuring guest star Brad
Pitt so it was just Thanksgiving and
this is a holiday that is celebrated by
virtually all Americans in which we come
together with friends and family and
have a big feast while we reflect on
things that we are grateful for over the
past year an American series like
friends often do special episodes with
these kind of holidays which makes them
a great resource not only to improve
your English but also to learn about
American culture so we're going to jump
into the lesson in just a sec but just
in case you're new here I want to let
you know that every single week we make
fun lessons like this one so that you
can understand fast speaking natives
without getting lost without missing the
jokes and without subtitles
just like today who says that things
start lessons they can now speak
confidently with natives and you can too
all you have to do is hit that subscribe
button and the bell down below so you
don't miss any of our new lessons and
finally I just wanted to let you know
that we have a special present to go
along with this video
it is this PDF power lesson which you
can download and is going to help you to
take your knowledge with this scene to
the next level so that you don't forget
anything that you learned today you can
download that down in the description
below so now let's roll this scene a
with red Pitt on friends
[Music]
Happy Thanksgiving
thanks God well I'm so glad that you
came you just you look great
mr. lost like 150 pounds yeah I'm gonna
be one of the Subway sandwich
commercials all right it's no fats no
sugar it's no dairy it's no good throw
it out this is my husband Chandler
Chandler this is will oh hey I take your
hand but I'm really into the game flash
and I think it'd be better for my ego if
we didn't stand right next to each other
this is Phoebe hi hey well done gonna
give you a shoot
Monica I can't get over how great you
look you you look stunning
oh you look incredible too you're just
you're so fit I'm watching the game but
I'm not deaf
I meant to tell you a Ross is coming
Ross's come great I love Ross good in
Rachel's green too Oh is there a problem
no it's okay it's just uh god I hated
her what yeah I hated her she was
horrible to me in high school
but hey it was a long time ago I'm in a
good place might be actually fun to see
her again gotta need cakes or cookies or
something no no Thanksgiving
thanks God well I'm so glad that you
came to be glad is to be happy and
thankful for something this is also what
we say when we hear that something nice
happened to someone we care about as in
the following example I'm so glad to
hear that you got a promotion
you've really worked hard for it you
look great mr. lost like 150 pounds
could you understand what Monica said
here mr. lost like 150 pounds if you
didn't don't feel bad about it because
she said it really fast she said you
must have lost the trick and connected
speech aspect of this utterance is the
reduction of have it's not must have but
must of or must up when did you start to
feel like a father
oh well I I guess it must have been the
day after you were born my god you used
to be so I mean you you you musta lost
like you look great let's see how this
same thing happens with the modal verbs
would and should instead of would have
and should have most times you'll hear
that would have been cool all right it's
no fat it's no sugar it's no dairy it's
no good throw it out dairy foods are
those that are made from milk such as
yogurt cream butter or cheese note this
is pronounced with an F sound dairy Brad
Pitt's character here is showing his
dissatisfaction with healthy food
because all fat sugar and dairy are when
consumed in excess bad for your health
however these things are also what make
food delicious so that's why he says
it's no good I check your hand but I'm
really into the game flash and I think
it'd be better for my ego if we didn't
stand right next to each other
when you're into something you're paying
full attention to something example the
movie lasted more than three hours but I
was so into it that I didn't even
realize it was that long another sense
of this expression is when you say you
like or enjoy doing something he's into
golf not because I'm into SNM I'm not
into anything weird just just normal sex
the joke here is that Chandler feels
intimidated by how attractive will is so
that's why he doesn't want to shake his
hand
Monica I can't get over how great you
looking you look stunning saying I can't
get over something is another way of
saying I am just so amazed example I
can't get over how much weight he lost
in so little time I just can't get over
this coincidence I mean what are the
odds the same we can I come home Missy
today not let it go stunning is a
stronger version of impressive or
beautiful when describing a person this
adjective means extremely attractive
example the view from the hill is
absolutely stunning as a verb you can
also say you're stunned by something or
someone in this case it could be by
something positive or negative example
the community was stunned by the tragedy
so I really cannot express to you just
how thankful we are to have over 1.25
million subscribers from every corner of
the globe to show a bit of our gratitude
I want to let you know that for the next
48 hours we have a special sale going on
on our fluent with friends course in
this forty eight week course you will
learn like never before as you follow
along with the first two seasons of the
series friends plus you get 20 plus page
PDF power lessons vocabulary
memorization software access to our
fluency circle global community and so
much more
so for Black Friday we have a tremendous
33 percent discount available to you on
all of the packages of our course this
is really going to help you in reaching
your goals to a confident
understand natives and improve your
fluency so you can learn a ton more
about this course by clicking the link
up here or down in the description below
and remember to get your discount just
use the coupon code Thank You ahead
check out and remember you have your PDF
power lesson that you can download for
this lesson and this is actually one of
the resources that you get with the
fluent with a friends course however it
is for the full episodes you will also
find the link to that down in the
description below and now let's get back
to the little SN I meant to tell you a
rose is coming Ross is coming great I
love Ross to mean in this case means to
have the intention of doing something
sometimes we say I meant to tell you
when we realized we forgot to mention
something to someone example this
morning when I saw you I meant to ask
you something the first good thing she
gets me in weeks how could you not give
me the message I'll tell you I do enjoy
guilt it wasn't me yep that's my
audition if you say it in the present
perfect continuous as in I've been
meaning to ask you it means that you've
wanted to ask that person something for
a long time but perhaps you haven't had
the chance to do it there's something
that I've been meaning to tell you
yeah I hated her she was horrible to me
in high school will is saying in an
emphatic way that Rachel was mean or
cruel to him
she didn't treat him well god I'm just a
horrible person
well why because I married him that's
right I am a married woman and I came to
a TV stars apartment to have an affair
ah that's ridiculous
I'm not a star
just a regular famous actor and I'm a
horrible horrible person but hey that
was a long time ago I'm in a good place
might be actually fun to see her again
gotta need cakes or cookies or something
to be in a good place is used to refer
to how a person is feeling emotionally
and about their life example they had a
difficult couple of months but now
they're in a good place then he asked
for something to eat this is funny
because a person that has issues with
food often eats when he or she is
anxious or stressed even though he says
he's ok now is seeing Rachel on the
inside he's feeling quite uneasy about
it man so what are you - I'm a
commodities broker really yeah that
sounds interesting yeah it's not but I'm
rich and thin oh man I don't think I've
seen you since Lance Davis's graduation
party that was such a fun night
yeah would've been good if we had gotten
in but still
God we were lame back then you remember
how into dinosaurs we were so what do
you do now so how long are you in turn
right slim 300 that's right are you
gonna be okay oh I'll be fine
just god I hate a rose I will high
school was was a long time ago look at
her standing there with those yams my
two greatest enemies Ross Rachel green
and complex carbohydrates oh my god
Monica who is that
that's will from high school oh I do not
remember him wow really got that sexy
smoldering thing going on
oh god he's look at the way he's just
staring at me I think he's trying to
mount something to me but I can't make
it up hi well right right right
hi I'm Rachel Green oh I remember you
really aren't you sweet
I gotta tell you though I'm I'm having
the hardest time placing you hang on I
think I remember you did we um did we
fool around at Lance Davis's graduation
party you're unbelievable yeah hot stuff
is used to describe a person or
something that is amazing popular or
even sexually exciting
Ross repeated hot stuff because he can't
believe he said it because it makes him
sound gay it's good to see you is what
we commonly say when greeting someone we
haven't seen in a long time man so so
what I am - I'm a commodities broker
really yeah that sounds interesting
yes not
what are you up to or what have you been
up to is what we say to ask what someone
is or has been doing with their lives
during the time you haven't seen them
let's pay attention to how Ross says it
oh so what I have to compare what are
you up to - what are you up to we say
this in two chunks what are you up to
what do you have - OH - is pronounced
with a strong form - because it's at the
end of the sentence this is different
from when it's reduced because it's in
the middle of the sentence example I
went to work and then tomorrow morning
you get to have Christmas morning in
your own houses which by the way none of
you have invited me - you can go to my
house by the way a commodity broker
wills profession is an occupation that
involves trading or selling products for
other people or organizations a
commodity is a substance or product that
can be traded but or sold hey so you can
discover a lot more about the American
holiday of Thanksgiving and learn eleven
native ways to say thank you in this
lesson after you finished this video we
had gotten in but still notice here the
same reduction of have after would we
discussed before Ross is saying they
didn't get in meaning they didn't enter
the place where the party took place
example the kids couldn't get into the
r-rated movie
God we were lame back then you remember
how into dinosaurs we were lame means of
poor taste or not impressive also
sometimes used as a synonym for pathetic
example this new songs lyrics are so
lame then will says that liking
dinosaurs was lame and the funny thing
is that he doesn't know that Ross went
on to become a paleontologist someone
who studies dinosaurs
god I hate a Ross
sometimes we drop the H in her this also
happens in words such as he him and his
loved her so much I took her everywhere
I would braid her tail look at her
standing there with those yams a yam is
a potato like vegetable also called a
sweet potato it is a staple at
Thanksgiving Wow
really got that sexy smoldering thing
going on to smolder is to burn slowly
like a coal that is burning out but in
this case it might mean that his look is
burning with anger this isn't such a
common way to describe a look on
somebody's face but Rachel uses it to
describe his attractiveness without
realising that he is looking at her this
way because he isn't enraged oh god he's
look at the way he's just staring at me
I think he's trying to mount something
to me but I can't make it up if you
stare at someone you look at that person
for a long period of time to mouth is to
form words with your lips without
speaking this is funny if you can make
out what he's saying in this case make
out is to see and identify something
being communicated example the music is
too loud I can't make out what you're
saying I gotta tell you though I'm I'm
having the hardest time placing you the
expression to have a hard time is used
to emphasize that someone finds doing
something difficult example before
discovering learning as with TV she had
the hardest time understanding natives
without subtitles then if you can't
place someone you may recognize them but
you can't remember exactly who that
person is or where you have met them
before example he looks very familiar
but I cannot place him right now did we
did we fool around at Lance Davis's
graduation party you're unbelievable
thank you
literally a full round means to
playfully spend time in an unfocused or
unproductive manner but in this scene it
means that they made out or engaged in
other casual romantic or sexual
activities will responds you're
unbelievable unbelievabl can be used as
a compliment meaning something was so
good that it's hard to believe here
Rachel thinks this is a confirmation and
a compliment of how wonderful he thinks
she is however will is actually
frustrated in the negative sense of this
word because he thinks it's absurd
almost in a way that he can't believe
that Rachel forgot him and is confusing
him for somebody else so that you can
you just you look great
mr. lost like 150 pounds yeah I'm gonna
be one of Subway sandwich commercials
hey all right it's no fat it's no sugar
it's no dairy
it's no good throw it out this is my
husband Chandler Chandler this is will
oh hey I take your hand but I'm really
into the game flash and I think it'd be
better for my ego if we didn't stand
right next to each other
this is Phoebe sure Monica I can't get
over how great you look you you look
stunning but you look incredible too
you're just you're so fit I'm watching
the game but I'm not deaf I meant to
tell you a Ross is coming
Ross's come great I love Ross good in
Rachel Greene - OH
is there a problem
no it's okay it's just uh god I hated
her what yeah I hated her she was
horrible to me in high school
but hey that was a long time ago I'm in
a good place might be actually fun to
see her again
gotta need cakes or cookies or something
no no
[Music]
well you cave man you look incredible
hot stuff stuff it's good to see you man
yeah man so so what are you up to I'm a
commodities broker really yeah that
sounds interesting
yeah it's not but I'm rich and thin oh
man I don't think I've seen you since
Lance Davis's graduation party that was
such a fun night
yeah would've been good if we had gotten
in but still God we were lame back then
you remember how in the dinosaurs we
were so what do you do now so how long
are you in town
potty hey Rachel ring oh oh that's right
are you gonna be okay
oh I'll be fine just god I hate a Ross I
will high school was was a long time ago
look at her standing there with those
yams my two greatest enemies Ross Rachel
green and complex carbohydrates oh my
god Monica who is that that's will from
high school
oh I do not remember him wow really got
that sexy smoldering thing going on
oh god he's look at the way he's just
staring at me
I think he's trying to mount something
to me but I can't make it up hi well
right right right
hi I'm Rachel Green oh I remember you
really aren't you sweet I gotta tell you
though I'm I'm having the hardest time
placing you oh hang on I think I
remember you did we um did we fool
around at Lance Davis's graduation party
you're unbelievable thank you so thank
you again for all of your support
we are just so proud to see we've been
able to help so many of you with these
fun lessons and remember if you want to
get that tremendous 33 percent discount
on our fluid with friends course that
you have to use the coupon code thank
you before December 1st and do you want
to know what happens next in today's
scene well we have an old lesson where
we see the conclusion of this hilarious
scene with Brad Pitt on friends that you
can check out here and you might also
like these other lessons teaching you
English with Brad Pitt and now it's time
to go beyond the classroom and live your
English aha yeah